[Excel] Update low engagement articles (second set) (#5378)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/excel-add-ins-ranges-remove-duplicates.md

---
title: Remove duplicates using the Excel JavaScript API
description: Learn how to use the Excel JavaScript API to remove duplicates.
ms.date: 09/22/2025
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# Remove duplicates using the Excel JavaScript API

This article shows how to remove duplicate rows within a range using the [Range.removeDuplicates](/javascript/api/excel/excel.range#excel-excel-range-removeduplicates-member(1)) method. For the full list of range members, see [Excel.Range class](/javascript/api/excel/excel.range).

## Key points

- It works only inside the supplied `range`.
- Column indexes are zero-based and relative to the range.
- Set `includeHeader: true` to skip the first row when checking duplicates.
- Empty cells count like any other value. Two empty cells can be duplicates.
- It compares stored cell values, not formula logic.
- It returns `RemoveDuplicatesResult` with `removed` and `uniqueRemaining` counts.

## Remove rows with duplicate entries

> The `removeDuplicates` method removes rows with duplicate entries in the specified columns. The method goes through each row in the range from the lowest-valued index to the highest-valued index in the range (from top to bottom). A row is deleted if a value in its specified column or columns appeared earlier in the range. Rows in the range below the deleted row are shifted up. `removeDuplicates` does not affect the position of cells outside of the range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `removeDuplicates` method removes rows with duplicate entries in the specified columns. The method goes through each row in the range from the lowest-valued index to the highest-valued index in the range (from top to bottom). A row is deleted if a value in its specified column or columns appeared earlier in the range. Rows in the range below the deleted row are shifted up. `removeDuplicates` doesn't affect the position of cells outside of the range.
```
